Add Vertica integration (#3890)
DataDog/integrations-core: vertica/README.md

# Agent Check: Vertica

## Overview

This check monitors [Vertica][] through the Datadog Agent.

## Setup

### Installation

> The Vertica check is included in the [Datadog Agent][] package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vertica check is included in the [Datadog Agent][] package. No additional installation is needed on your server.
```

> The user used to connect to the database must be granted the [SYSMONITOR][monitor role] role in order to access the monitoring system tables.

Reviewer: This should go in the configuration section since the `user` creation is required for the check to work. We could inspire from the MySQL check for the layout/presentation of the process.

> Additionally, as the metrics for current license usage use the values from the most recent [audit][audit command], it is recommended to schedule it to occur as often as possible. For more information, see [this][license guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, as the metrics for current license usage use the values from the most recent [audit command][audit command], it is recommended to schedule it to occur as often as possible. For more information, see [the Vertica Administrators Guide][license guide].
```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `vertica.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your vertica performance data. See the example [vertica.d/conf.yaml][] for all available configuration options.

2. [Restart the Agent][agent restart].

#### Log Collection

**Available for Agent >6.0**

1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

```
logs_enabled: true
```

2. Add this configuration block to your `vertica.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your Vertica logs:

```
logs:
  - source: vertica
    type: file

>     path: /catalog-path/database-name/node-name_catalog/vertica.log

Reviewer: Are those Placeholders ? if so the path should be: `/<CATALOG_PATH>/<DATABASE_NAME>/<NODE_NAME_CATALOG>/vertica.log`
